Ilan Benbrith
18/06/2018 - Parker

1. Who are you and what are you working on?
   1. I’m the Technical PM at Consensys Academy working on an 11-week developer program. I’m responsible for maintaining the course and making sure people reach their development goals.
   2. The course is for experienced developers - experience with languages/git required.
   3. Overall objective is to attract people to and grow the Ethereum community
   4. Content creation, assignments, course, customer/student support, external resources, connection with Consensys mentors
   5. The course starts with intro to blockchain in general, so that students don’t have to know too much about blockchain. Historical context/ timeline, technical underpinnings of blockchain, technical underpinnings of Ethereum. Difference in mindset between traditional development vs DApp development. 
   6. Teaching them the setup and tools they’ll need for the program (Truffle, Ganache, Remix, etc.)
   7. Then EVM, Solidity/smart contracts, connecting a front end with React Native
   8. Security smart contracting and auditing with help from ConsenSys Diligence
   9. Finally, different integrations (IPFS, Oracalize, etc.) and design patterns of different teams.
   10. LLL, Assembly language for the EVM, Vyper.
   11. Ethereum Improvement proposals/ Ethereum Request for Comments processes
1. What are the tools/libraries/frameworks you use?
   1. Truffle, Ganache, Remix, Metamask etc.
   2. Front end
      1. React Native
   1. LLL, Front end libraries
   2. We give wide exposure 
1. What are your biggest frustrations?
   1. Gas and fees is a common frustration, given that they are an extra consideration that must be taken into account. Test Ether required. 
   2. Speed, once launched on mainnet latency is frustrating.
1. How do you handle testing?
   1. Truffle testing
   2. Best practices resources
1. How do you handle smart contract verification and security?
   1. Consensys Diligence provides some of the best resources and best practices online
1. What tools don’t exist at the moment?
   1. Drizzle is a really cool idea for front-end development 
1. What are the best educational resources?
   1. Youtube videos
   2. Conferences and Meetups - putting names to faces, seeing others’ pain points 
   3. Watching someone build out an application
1. Was anything easier than expected?
   1. We’re still so early on but we hope to incorporate feedback for now.