Andy Milenius
3/14/2018 - Robbie, Andy


1. Who are you and what are you working on?
   1. DappHub:
   2. Working on dev tools since I got into the space in 2015. There were no tools at all; we wanted to create them in a holistic way from first principles.
   3. Made tools to make use of Solidity compiler & make Ethereum API & EVM simpler in general.
   4. Formal verifications & contract safety.
1. What are your biggest frustrations?
   1. Ethereum relies heavily on Javascript dev tools; “that node modules way of life”.
   2. Javascript: its polarizing; you either love it or hate it.
      1. The fact that there’s a JS tool for something doesn’t mean that it doesn’t need to exist otherwise.
   1. Examples:
      1. Piper’s python tools 
      2. (would like to see C++)
      3. Maker’s bash tools
      4. Some dapphub Haskell tools
   1. EF should put money into language ecosystems; replicate what we have (more front-end library systems!)
      1. Second layer tools - the Ethereum API is a huge pain point. 
      2. RPC - if you’re on the command line, it’s a pain in the ass.
      3. High-level access into the Ethereum API; more granular than the REST API
      4. In JS this is: Web3.py; in python its web3.js
         1. Small drop in solutions for talking to a client
   1. Why is there not a good robust solution for caching the blockchain in a normal database?
      1. Maker has funded this.
      2. VulcanizeDB done by Rick Dudley; Maker is funding
      3. When you talk to Infura, the Ethereum API, is mostly via HTTP. Need sockets.
         1. If you want to query events, it’ll probably time out.
      1. It will be cool if EF runs archive nodes, cached data.
      2. Feels bad about Metamask: 
         1. If you only used them to write to blockchain, then it would be so much simpler for them.
         2. Metamask just pipes all the requests to Infura; costs around 100k a month.
      1. The reason why everyone uses Metamask, is because there’s no other robust solution. If EF funded a solution, it’ll be helpful
         1. Metamask is customer support for the entire Ethereum ecosystem.
   1. Event querying
      1. Make it so that it’s not scanning for the whole blockchain.
   1. Light clients
      1. Everyone’s trying to build the perfect architecture. Metamask is trying to build something that works.
      2. Metamask’s version:
         1. An awesome intermediate step: 
            1. Infura publishes a block onto IPFS using pubsub
            2. All the metamask nodes gossip it to each other.
         1. Could EF support this.
      1. There is someone publishing all blocks from all blockchains on IPFS, into a meta-blockchain, called Braid.
   1. Whisper & Swarm:
      1. There’s other people still working on these outside of ETH
      2. Swarm is similar to IPFS.
      3. Does ETH need p2p messaging 
      4. There’s systems that work:
         1. DAT protocol / secure scuttlebut (1,000s of people on these networks)
         2. Ask the Secure Scuttlebut ecosystem what their issues are
         3. Dfinity gave a grant to secure scuttlebut
      1. It would improve the Ethereum community image if we’re working with others.
   1. Identify other projects that are good; trim the fat from our ecosystem; and then build a relationship with them.
      1. “Living life on hard mode” – people who don’t do ICOs.
   1. Other ecosystems that are good: show commitment to Protocol Labs
      1. Libp2p
      2. IPLD
         1. More formal partnership -- integrating properly 
   1. Devp2p is bad
      1. Less than 1% of requests you make are Ethereum mainnet.
      2. You contact other nodes without knowing if they’re on Kovan, Mainnet etc
         1. Super inefficient; all these handshakes.
      1. Main bottleneck in Geth -- every ETH node talks on Devp2p
      2. Gotta switch to libp2p!
   1. Are Geth team dynamics good?
   2. Idea: a parallel IPFS pinning service; as a hedge against Filecoin not working.
1. Are there any other questions we should be asking?
   1. How can Ethereum create more cultural norms and lead by example? 
   2. Take a more leadership role to say nice things about other ecosystems, languages etc. 
   3. Ethereum Comm’s department.