Esteban Ordano
1/16/2018 - Sina & Robbie


1. Who are you and what are you working on?
   1. I’m hiring two or three people – excellent engineers – to build tooling. 
         1. We’re calling the project Voltaire Labs, after the Voltaire house. Trying to get Sergio Lerner to help with that. Getting people I know from Google. Maybe we should join efforts? Will intro to Federico Bond.
      1. Our infra:
         1. MANA token which is an ERC20.
         2. Auction of Land.
         3. Land smart contract which is an NFT token standard.
            1. Got tired of not hearing back re ERC non-fungibles improvements. Proposed alternative ERC.
            2. Land registry of who owns which land parcel.
            3. These link to IPFS or IPNS for content of land.
         1. Decentralized exchange of land parcels.
         2. Small tool for sending emails whenever an event is triggered on your contract. EthAlarm: takes address of contract, ABI, pick events that you’re interested in.
      1. We run the land auction off-chain, we had a period of registration where you’d send the MANA you wanted to use in the auction. At the end of the auction, we distributed the NFT tokens and returned MANA.
         1. Auction was mostly an independent application – better UX, less fees
      1. Why the auction was off-chain:
         1. We processed around 115k bids. The UX for the auction was great. We managed to provide the user with an experience that was way better, because it wasn’t blockchain-based.
            1. Both on the browser and the server, we exchanged cryptographic receipts –– “I’d like to bid for the following parcel (x,y), (x,y) – at the end you’d receive a signed receipt” – the server would receive that message, and say back “I’ve received a bid, and here’s your receipt”. All these receipts are public.
               1. Anyone in the auction everyone could act as an independent verifier of the auction.
            1. We returned a receipt had a nonce –– 
            2. We can audit the whole auction. Can prove every bid that we received.
      1. How we’ve been running auditing
         1. We sold $16m worth of parcels of land.
         2. We wanted to make sure that they weren’t messing up.
         3. Not many people were checking – but a few did and even reported back some issues; community trusted them.
         4. Would be best if this was run on a decentralized protocol so people didn’t have to trust these guys.
      1. We’re building a voting scheme with MANA:
         1. “How tall should this building be?”
         2. We are repeating the same pattern as the auction.
         3. Our voting scheme is offchain and non-binding, because the project is early enough that people can back out.
1. What was the hardest part about learning to develop with Ethereum?
   1. Pains:
      1. The gas issues – the expensiveness of the whole process.
      2. We are subsidizing the whole process of deploying the land.
         1. We are also subsidizing the second transaction after the ERC is assigned.
      1. This whole process will take 12 million, 150 ETH.
   1. We also had to make the contract upgradable – with the delegate proxy pattern
      1. We are worried that Solidity will change, and the structure of storage will change.
      2. Our thinking: we’re doing some engineering on how to sell the next batch of land – we came up with a better system to sell that land – it’s going to be pretty neat. We’re not going to have this issue.
   1. Decentralized exchanges:
      1. Looking forward to 0x adding a version of their protocol for non-fungibles. Which has now happened! https://blog.0xproject.com/introducing-0x-protocol-v2-9f5bda04d38d
   1. State channels:
      1. Looking forward for Raiden
      2. Was thinking of funding Lightning Network for ERC20 network
         1. Simulating a UTXO model on ERC20 tokens
         2. Wants for interoperability between Bitcoin and Ethereum.
            1. Olaoluwa (from Lightning) is the best coder in the world.
            2. Bitcoin world is more secure.
               1. Lightning code is written like poetry.
1. Who are the other people you think we should talk to?
   1. Should speak with Fede –– should collaborate together –– they’re interested in throwing money at sidechain & Plasma chain.
1. Other bounties?
   1. Biggest request: have ERC20 upgraded to ERC223.
      1. We have troubles with small re-orgs – transferring immediately upon approvals causes issues.
         1. This was a problem with our code; hard to develop.
      1. Have watchers on the Blockchain, and sending transaction to make correct transfer, e.g. for MANA token.