Nadav Hollander


1. Who are you and what are you working on?
   1. Building Dharma - open protocol for tokenized debt
   2. Pretty much exclusively at the contract level, sometimes using stuff like libraries that wrap around contracts.
1. How do you handle testing?
   1. Truffle to write JS unit tests.
   2. ** There are not good mocking libraries for solidity **
      1. Had to roll my own mocking contracts for testing
   1. A better native solidity testing framework with mocking would be awesome
   2. No manual testing.
      1. It’s still pretty painful to do this too
1. What are the tools/libraries/frameworks you use?
   1. I like to use Typescript for testing.
   2. 0x team built a great tool for generating typescript tests from ABI’s
   3. Using truffle to test.
1. What tools don’t exist at the moment?
   1. Good logging and debugging
   2. Setting up your own side chain easily to test things on because it would be way faster
1. How do you handle smart contract verification and security?
   1. Write down in plain text documents what the invariants are for the contracts. Just very clear human speak for how the contract should behave.
   2. Then write unit tests relentlessly.
   3. Ideally, there would be code review, but he is coding solo in his stuff write now.
   4. Finding an audit is a crappy process. No information on who is doing it, what prices look like, which auditors are good / have good reputations.
      1. Talked to zeppelin
      2. Talked to Consensys diligence
      3. Talked to Quantstamp
1. Are there any other questions we should be asking?
   1. “What is the thing that makes debugging solidity code the hardest?” (for me, it’s that you can’t log anything at all, and no working debuggers)
1. Other bounties?
   1. A GREAT SOLIDITY DEBUGGER
   2. A turnkey solution to the “trusted relay chain” thing. Just make it easy for people to spin up a side chain, run their programs on it, rewind history to a specific point in time, etc.
   3. Also let you set up rules on it like locking up deposits for a week between the side chain and the main chain.