Hudson Jameson


1. Who are you and what are you working on?
   1. Mainly focused on solidity smart contracts. A little node JS and Java but not very good at it.
1. How do you handle testing?
   1. Have been using Truffle more lately but was mostly just using Remix before.
   2. Write the contracts in Remix, deploy them in Remix. Usually do it all through Remix and MetaMask. Used to connect metamask to a ropsten node run locally, but now metamask is more reliable.
1. What are the tools/libraries/frameworks you use?
   1. Remix, MyEtherWallet, MetaMask
1. What tools don’t exist at the moment?
   1. Remix combines an editor with a deployment mechanism and that’s what I like about it.
   2. EthMix was like a full IDE with better syntax highlighting and better debugging. And it was a native app instead of web-based. Pity that it has not been maintained.
   3. Something that automatically uploads the contract to ENS.
1. What are your biggest frustrations?
   1. Hard to read error messages. Solidity and EVM might fix this with error messages.
   2. Are you running into problems with any of the following:
      1. Gas limit: Totally. If you don’t properly separate your contracts or import too many, the gas limit blocks you. Especially on Ropsten with a dynamic gas limit, this doesn’t work.
      2. Off-chain computation: Many things can’t be done until TrueBit becomes a real thing. Biggest one being stuff like Plasma and side chains aren’t possible until TrueBit is ready.
      3. State Channels: Haven’t worked with them personally but understand them and think they’re cool.
1. How do you handle smart contract verification and security?
   1. Use the Remix tool to just scan for general bugs.
   2. Wanted to use Oyente, but don’t know how to use it
      1. Remix is thinking about being modular to the point where you can just plug in your own about module - that would be awesome to see.
1. What was the hardest part about learning to develop with Ethereum?
   1. The resources are pretty spread out, and everything moves so fast it’s hard to keep up today. If you’re using resources from 6 months ago they might be wildly out of date.
   2. Andreas Olafson had the only videos and tutorials on solidity, so I just watched those to learn.
1. What are you most excited about in the short term?
   1. Casper. It’s already kind of going into testing.
   2. TrueBit near the top of the list because it has so much potential.
1. Who are the other people you think we should talk to?
   1. Raine Revere from ShapeShift
1. Other bounties?
   1. Dev Grants from the Foundation
      1. Ethereum foundation had 2 iterations of this program
      2. Get some money to build something at the protocol-level
      3. The foundation is looking into revising the process.