Kevin Owocki
4/24/2018 - Robbie, Parker, Andy


1. Who are you and what are you working on?
   1. I developed Gitcoin, a bounty (and tips) platform for incentivizing open source contributions.
   2. Solve incentivisation problem of OSS, where it is highly strategically valuable but difficult to capture in real-time the value being created.
      1. I want to bring more devs into the space - MAIN GOAL.
   1. 300 bounties fulfilled so far and recruiting opportunities for OSS developers
   2. Consensys offered customers (projects creating bounties for pilot of gitcoin), funding, regulatory protection
   3. Not totally interoperable for now with EthPrize, recruiting strategy etc. Bounties are just one of the tools to recruit developers 
1. What are the tools/libraries/frameworks you use?
   1. Truffle for managing deployments and smart contract versioning
   2. Web3Py, due to comfort with py and personal relationship
   3. Django, Bootstrap, Metamask, Infura for Gitcoin Platform - which is mostly a standard web interface.
1. What was the hardest part about learning to develop with Ethereum?
   1. Onboarding users with first time Dapp user experience like metamask, mainet/testnet really sucks and could be improved in a number of ways.
   2. We started off chain, since standard bounties is not something we wanted user to pay gas for
   3. What we’d like to do on-chain
      1. Start work feature signal in off-chain DB
      2. Would be stored on-chain
      3. Staking process for starting work on a particular bounty
   1. What features from web dev background are lacking with Dapp Development? 
      1. We’ve struggled with managing gas fees on behalf of users
      2. Built gitcoin.co/gas for scraping EthGasStation for least amount of gas + low confirmation time. 
         1. Would be nice to visually see gas price vs confirmation time.
      1. Would’ve been nice to integrate gas manager with block explorer, more dapp UI’s
      2. Easy javascript widget to take place of metamask to not hinder gitcoin developers by requiring chrome download. Web2 payments to Web3 payments bridge to abstract away the harder blockchain concepts. Maybe an e-commerce-like widget for paying for gas via CC.
         1. Portis might be like this? 
         2. Stablecoins and improved UI’s
      1. Selenium integration tests with native web3 functionality
         1. You can work with DOM on Selenium but you can’t hookup chrome extension (Metamask)
         2. Might be possible with JS widgets
      1. https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/issues/948 Subscriptions on the blockchain would be great
1. What are the best educational resources?
   1. Below links, youtube videos
   2. https://gitcoin.co/help 
   3. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cZZMDOrIo2k
   4.  https://github.com/gitcoinco/gitcoinco/issues/38
   5. General help content writing
1. How do you handle testing?
   1. Pytests with TravisCi
   2. Using product. Use gitcoin to build gitcoin.
   3. Selenium tests with native web3 functionality
1. Other bounties?
   1. Gitcoin X EthPrize
   2. More talent than fundable issues right now at Gitcoin - always looking for more cool stuff for the community to work on.
   3. Happy to help.