Andreas Wallendahl
12/06/2018 - Mitch, Parker


1. Who are you and what are you working on?
   1. Kauri
   2. Decentralized knowledge base built on Ethereum and IPFS
   3. Github is for code, Kauri is for how to use it. Built in incentivization layer enabled by Ethereum, enables bounties for new content. No token, uses Ether/ERC-20 token.
   4. Most popular tutorial is new content from Maker. 
1. What are the tools/libraries/frameworks you use?
   1. Truffle
   2. Geth nodes on Google Cloud
   3. Eth.js 
   4. React
1. What are your biggest frustrations?
   1. Helping a user know what to sign and what it actually means at the blockchain level. 
      1. If new user comes to your website without Metamask, they can’t interact with any web3 on your page. 
      2. Gitcoin uses a faucet to get around this
   1. Onboarding experience 
      1. Most users are devs so they understand it better than most
      2. Internal Consensys initiative started to onboard new users
1. How do you handle testing?
   1. Needs to ask teammate (Josh Cassidy)
1. How do you handle smart contract verification and security?
   1. Also Josh Cassidy
1. What tools don’t exist at the moment?
   1. Simple spin up of side-chain or scaling solution kind of like Heroku
      1. Spankcard for counterfactual state channels is a good attempt at this
      2. Omisego and Plasma team 
      3. Rapidly spin up and set criteria for Plasma chain
   1. Gas costs
   2. In web signing capability- I could preload Eth or fund with credit card. But, if users are used to this behavior there might be man in the middle attacks. 
1. What are the best educational resources?
   1. Cryptozombies - the more modules the better
   2. Chainshot - like codecademy, checks with unit tests
   3. https://github.com/ConsenSysLabs/ethereum-developer-tools-list/pulls
   4. https://medium.com/covee-network/here-are-the-best-courses-and-resources-for-learning-solidity-ethereum-dapps-600e18287381
   5. https://medium.com/bcgdv-engineering/getting-started-with-ethereum-as-a-developer-af20d78c49f
   6. https://medium.com/@wslyvh/getting-started-with-ethereum-solidity-geth-part-2-d195144fe6c7
   7. Cryptomechanics.info
   8. Consensysacademy for a full course
   9. https://t.co/aRO7B8z50h 
1. What was the hardest part about learning to develop with Ethereum?
   1. Hardest part was not knowing where to go in the beginning. Watching videos to understand concepts of blockchain. From there, Truffle and its intro tutorials.
   2. Everyone was rebuilding the same stuff/components for public apps and enterprise use case. 
1. Other bounties? 
   1.  In-browser signing. Would make new user onboarding much, much easier. Metamask works on it but a bounty might drive it through. 
   2. A lot of people have built interaction with IPFS, that’s why we built IPFS-store and eventium. 
   3. Blockchaimulator for testing that runs through 100,000 blocks, somewhat instantly. We had to wait for blocks to be produced. 
1. What are you most excited about in the short term?
   1. Anything people can experiment with, and that can prove interest/demand.
   2. NFT’s, Ujo and Cryptokitties. 
   3. Blockchain’s version of single sign on. Store user information in some way (IPFS or UPort contract)
   4. How do we get to 1,000,000 daily users
1. Who are the other people you think we should talk to?
   1. Sam Smith, reputation AI at Consensys
   2. Josh Cassidy
   3. Michael Cena
   4. Sarah Baker Mills (designer)