James Childs-Maidment


1. Who are you and what are you working on?
   1. Been building social apps on Ethereum. Leeroy.
   2. Storing all posts and likes on-chain, syncing that with a centralized database and frontend.
   3. I started with some little smart contract that saved a string to variable.
   4. After that, just dove in on making Leroy over the next few months.
      1. After getting a feel for solidity by playing with Remix.
      2. Didn’t really understand how expensive it would be to save everything on the blockchain. Solution was to store the hash of all the inputs.
      3. From there, had to learn how to make things as cheap as possible.
   1. Quite a bit of smart contract work on Leroy. Multiple versions of the contract along the way.
   2. Because it’s as cheap as possible, Leroy doesn’t even fire events.
1. How do you handle testing?
   1. Truffle for testing (JS unit tests).
      1. Really enjoying writing async await tests with Truffle.
   1. Automated testing? How do you facilitate manual testing?
      1. Play with the contracts in Remix. Deploy the contracts to testrpc and then test manually using the UI.
1. What are the tools/libraries/frameworks you use?
   1. React / Redux app, with a firebase backend
   2. Truffle. Just deployed using Remix, and uses it for playing with the contracts in general.
   3. If not already mentioned, are there any libraries you rely on regularly?
      1. Web3JS
   1. In a toy project, used MetaMask just for signing transactions. Had a separate web3 using Infura for other stuff.
1. What tools don’t exist at the moment?
   1. When you use Web3 library with Metamask, it’s really crappy getting events coming through.
      1. Maybe will get fixed when moving to websockets with 1.0
1. What are your biggest frustrations?
   1. The tools are pretty early. Constantly running into a ton of bugs.
      1. On Leeroy, had to install packages and fix stuff from other projects that were broken so he could use them.
      2. Yesterday was playing around with a new app, and was using Ganache, and it would just lock up and crash. Then you need to redeploy the local smart contracts, which takes about a minute to get up and running again.
   1. A really stable local chain would be cool.
   2. With solidity, it would be great if you could get a better view of what went wrong when a transaction fails.
1. How do you handle smart contract verification and security?
   1. No process, but would love to have it.
   2. Apart from testing, would be cool to have tools that analyze what you’ve written and make sure you’re not doing anything dumb.
   3. Right now, using Remix is helpful for getting warnings and stuff.
   4. Hasn’t used Oyente
1. What was the hardest part about learning to develop with Ethereum?
   1. Only started in June or so.
   2. Just reading through github and reddit instead of an actual source for education. Having really good docs in one place is a big thing.
1. What are you most excited about in the short term?
   1. Aragon.