Taylor Monahan
1/13/2018 - Sina & Robbie.


1. Who are you and what are you working on?
   1. Chaos. 2017 in one word.
   2. Started off as a fun side project –– cofounder is Kosla – they were both working part-time.
   3. Then it exploded –– the Ethereum price chart is a perfect representation of MEW growth. Kosla stopped being involved after it got chaotic, because it was no longer just a fun side project.
      1. Ecosystem started going crazy –– she started leaning in.
      2. Team growth – hired 2 devs in April/May. Hired Jordan in June. Hired a person / week in the summer. Hiring a ton of support people. Got a director of security. Trying to hire Harry in full-time. Team of ~ 20.
      3. Growing a remote crypto team. How to incentivize them & keep them happy. Raises don’t work in this space.
1. Other bounties?
   1. Money is not their constraining resource. People, hiring, management are constraining.
   2. Best thing for ecosystem right now is: educational, marketing, videos, tutorials, write-ups, explaining how things work.
      1. E.g. when your mother hears about an ICO, and they google it, there’s good resources available to educate them.
      2. In the beginning, MEW was a stepping stone for people who already owned cryptocurrencies, before they started using geth or parity or etc.
         1. Now, this is no longer the case, there’s new people who don’t know anything about cryptocurrencies at all..
      1. Biggest phishing attacks they’re seeing are airdrop sites. “Free money??” Typing your private key is not a good idea.
      2. How does a project responsible onboard people onto Ethereum?
         1. How does the experience look as dApps become more of a thing? How do people use this?
            1. In a dApp, the wallet functionality should be completely abstracted away. The user shouldn’t even know that there is a wallet.
   1. If I had extra money, I would give 100% of it to educational resources, people designing infographics, videos, etc.
1. Other domain specific questions?
   1. Silo’s – Slack silos aren’t healthy.
      1. Mentioned “community of communities” 
      2. Skype – “exchange work-group” – public infrastructure and the nodes – w/ the geth team and the nodes.
      3. Skype – “anti-phishing group” – setup on a whim when they saw phishing stuff come about.
         1. 3 days ago – Ethereum blue team found MyEtherWallet clone
         2. Even if she’s sleeping – people are looking out for the community
   1. Did team retreat in Columbia / met with design firm in Chicago / they have partners in SF (week / month regularly)
   2. Harry Denley was the first to respond to Swarm.city multisig hack.
   3. Was reactionary – putting out fires.
   4. PROBLEMS: Security
      1. Internal security processes.
      2. At two people you can trust each other; access is limited. At team of 20 it’s different; have to revamp internal policies; reminding people of things.
         1. Found 2 Slack admins not have 2fa on.
      1. We are bigger target; we get password resets. 
         1. Someone stole her number in October but they were prepared for it. They handled everything really well.
      1. DNS and internal security on infrastructure.
         1. Hired ex-director of security for Coinbase & Facebook. Works on board of Hackerrank.
         2. How we hired: people who use MEW want to keep Ethereum & MEW safe. We connected on security. We had a call that afternoon.
         3. He does amazing security incident response & red-teaming.
      1. FEW DIFFERENT SECURITY CONCERNS:
         1. How we serve their code: a commit is pushed to a specific branch; that is served to github.io; then AWS pulls that code, caches the hell out of it, and that serves MEW.com.
            1. All keys are rotated, and ssh private keys are kept very secret.
            2. multi-stage pipeline (Github + AWS); both have multi-factor security, need Ubikey, etc.
            3. It’s kind of a staging pipeline.
            4. Prevents bad commits or bad UI changes from getting into the website.
            5. How do you QA things, how do you test things? 
               1. We wait 24 hours from creating a release and getting it on a live domain.
            1. We have a series of tests – check that everything compiled correctly, check that all links have a rel=no-opener on them, ..
         1. DNS
            1. After EtherDelta and ClassicEtherWallet.
            2. We have a custom thing: three services to monitor the site.
            3. We serve through a CDN
               1. Diff the code – diffs the new website with the previous version of them.
               2. Gets the hash of the Javascript and CSS with previous versions.
         1. Blockchain security
            1. Ensuring the user makes good decisions –– how do you alert or notify a user when is doing something wrong –– e.g. notifies you when an Ethereum address is not formatted correctly?
               1. How do you build this: check the balance? 
               2. Have microservices that have micro-databases of the blockchain.
                  1. Caching token balances.
                  2. On MEW: pulls everything from Parity or Geth directly.
            1. Can run their infra through Cloud Formation –– 
               1. Geth falls out of sync.
               2. CryptoKitties destroyed their infrastructure.
                  1. Intel chip thing then took them 120% CPU usage, took them offline.
                     1. Fixes for Spectre and Meltdown.
   1. PROBLEM: phishing & supporting after the fact.
   2. PROBLEM: infrastructure:
      1. Keeping nodes Parity & Geth up all the time.
         1. Additional issue: Blockchain naturally re-writes itself if you’re on a microfork. If you’re also distributing this across your own database, then you need to write code to also rewrite this. Etherscan just gave up and booted up from the blockchain from scratch.
            1. This is what Infura is trying to do. They are in the same situation as MEW and Etherscan. They are under Consensys so have more financial freedom.
            2. Shapeshift sysadmin stole money. If they had the problem, then this is a big problem.
            3. What is the cost of security in this space? How much a malicious people could stand to gain…
               1. With a debit card, it’s not the same –– there is risk of getting caught, the original person gets the money back etc.
               2. Traditional security systems won’t work for this.
               3. When I worked at AT&T, I asked people how they trained people to not steal simcard numbers. The real cost is not cost of buying a phone.
   1. UNEXPECTED PROBLEM: building remote team culture
      1. I work well remotely; but building culture while remote is really important.
      2. In-person hangouts – all devs will be at EthDenver.
      3. Make them talk about personal stuff on calls.
      4. Big question is to: how to make remote team work.
      5. Danielle leads the dev team.
         1. Over the summer, they did a hire fast fire fast mentality. Sink or swim type of game. People need to be able to orient themselves.
         2. People in the beginning need to be able to make sense of the chaos.
         3. Random people contributing on Slack or Github.
         4. For support, hire top Reddit commenters.
         5. Give people 30 days and see how it goes.
   1. Ethereum Blue: anonymous team, with a token. Promoted themselves as Metamask Blue. Scam.
   2. Teams that are dealing with public crypto token world:
      1. Swarmcity. Super resilient team. First fight against Arcadecity. Then theyy got their funds stolen out of their multisig.
      2. 0x. Did an amazing job about education around ICO. Each blog post had a full section on how to protect yourself + custom tools.
      3. Griff
         1. Griff + Hudson Jameson from EF are the people to call. They know everyone and who to get involved. Like a connective tissue. Response to Parity hack.
            1. Griff had learned a lot from the DAO hack.
            2. Hudson was at Cornell with entire EF security – just happened to all be in the same room.