Federico & Jaynti
1/23/2018 - Sina & Robbie


1. Who are you and what are you working on?
   1. Trying to work on Plasma – white paper is unspecified; it is not clear yet.
   2. Started Dagger project – to get events for our UI or backend.
      1. Use cases:
         1. If you want to send an email or notification to users.
         2. If your multisig wallet has incoming or outgoing transaction.
         3. UI for the front-end; a multisig wallet: sent a tx and see it real-time. Make UI/UX better in Ethereum.
1. What are your biggest frustrations?
   1. Websocket isn’t there. It’s not customized. Interface is not that good in geth or parity.
   2. I used to have my own servers running – my own laptop as a node – very painful, switched to Infura.
      1. Crawling Infura.
      2. Infura is unreliable – sometimes they miss the blockhash.
   1. Why not run my own node?
      1. Too costly to run Digital Ocean.
   1. Web3.js – nobody can use it well; very flaky. Talked to Fabian about it and offered help.
      1. People are using, but not contributing.
   1. UI/UX:
      1. Everything takes time; 15 seconds; 1 minute for confirmation. People are impatient.
         1. Wait for notifications using Dagger.
      1. How to improve:
         1. PoS will improve this finality. Still too long for users.
         2. Provide a notification to users; or email if it’s about security. If you’re buying cryptokitties, can send a follow-up email.
            1. EthAlarm used by Decentraland –
            2. Status building decentralized notification system.
   1. Fede has been contributing to Solidity compiler itself for over a year now:
      1. Mostly making the experience of working with Solidity more pleasant. Life is too short.
      2. Solidity is quite understaffed –– only two people who are committing, who can merge PRs.
         1. Fund more developers?
         2. I’ve contributed, but would love to get paid for it[a][b].
      1. Not many people have the availability to take part-time or full-time work at EF (Solidity, Truffle, etc etc). But are available for several hours a week to contribute.
   1. Promote the people contributing -> funding.
      1. EF has Dev Grants. Mostly geared towards bigger projects. E.g. porting Ethereum to mobile devices and wearables.
         1. Also Scalability grants.
         2. Ongoing funding to ongoing contributor would be interesting.
   1. Better communications -> what different teams are building right now. e.g. with Plasma; there’s different people around the world pushing forward different implementations.
      1. Weekly core developers meeting – where one can participate. But how to scale that? Need different structure. There’s multiple different teams. There’s also the Gitter channels. There’s ethereum.research forums; that’s helped communications in research and fundamental infra problems.
      2. There’s an issue of time; the valuable people don’t have the time to work on these things.
      3. Someone watching all sources and compiles them into one place: so more people know what to work on. Proof of Work newsletter (WeekInEthereum?).
      4. The fragility of Solidity tools – lack of proper tooling; e.g. comparing language ecosystem between Java and Solidity: 
         1. Linters, refactoring code, working with modules, ...
         2. Debugging
            1. This improved recently:
               1. Latest truffle version includes an embedded debugger.
               2. Daphubb working on new EVM with debugger built in.
   1. Gas issues: we sent multiple wrong calls to wrong deployed functions – wasted lot of money
      1. It doesn’t tell you why your gas is so high – it doesn’t say that you have a weird opcode
      2. People don’t understand what is gasPrice and gasLimit properly.
         1. Allow people to set one value – and set gasPrice and gasLimit interactively in the backend.
1. Are there any other questions we should be asking?
   1. Patricio Paladino from Zeppelin.




[a]Funding developers on the Solidity team is a must -- more so the external collaborators --
[b]Foundation should fund all external contributors that are helping out -- low hanging fruit!