Richard Ramos 
24/05/2018 - Andy


1. Who are you and what are you working on?
   1. Smart contract developer at Status, also working a lot on Embark.
   2. Background: I came out of TransUnion and the financial industry.
   3. I write smart contracts mostly related to SNT use cases: Tribute to Talk; smart contracts to control spam; a set of contracts related to identity and recovery and to allow users to register their Status ENS domain.
1. What are the tools/libraries/frameworks you use?
   1. Embark, obviously!
      1. Not just a framework for web applications - it lets you create properly decentralised applications.
      2. You can build an app and then forget about the process of uploading to distributed file stores and setting up a lot of the infrastructure.
      3. Embark uses web3js-1.0, which is useful because there are a lot improvement encapsulated in that library. I like the style of coding you have to use - promisfying everything, every communication with EVM is done asynchronously.
   1. VS Code locally and Remix to test contracts.
      1. Working between them and copy-pasting between can be a real hack though. So, I start on Remix and once I am sure it is working and stable enough, I move it into VS code.
   1. Sometimes I also use Truffle because I like the debugger they have.
   2. A lot of tools from the JS ecosystem: node-js, React, webpack.
1. What are your biggest frustrations?
   1. Working with MetaMask and your local node/test environment is often unstable and connecting it locally can lead to strange issues that are very difficult to debug, as your contracts work fine in tests, but then fail arbitrarily in the browser.
   2. Not having breakpoints in Solidity is hard. It would be awesome to able to see more clearly the flow of the code and follow things through the stack with some suggestions/explanations.
   3. Last week, when deploying some contracts through Embark, it just read my contracts as interfaces and so didn’t compile them.
      1. Not an Embark error - it comes from solc, because there was an error about the “stack being too deep” which happens when you have more than 16 local variables (which is not well documented anywhere that I know about).
      2. The error behaviour in general is weird and difficult to follow. Better documentation around this area in particular is very much needed.
   1. Seriously though, most of my frustrations are related to debugging.
1. How do you handle testing?
   1. Mostly through unit testing in Embark. I created a new feature for it (not yet released yet) that lets you create a small scaffold for the unit tests you need for any given contract.
   2. After executing that functionality I can then populate the code for each individual test, and this saves a lot of time.
   3. Not really using verification tools right now.
   4. Handle code coverage with solcoverage.
1. Other domain specific questions?
   1. Let’s talk about Embark further. What do you see as the most important tools you’re building?
   2. Easy storage/uploading to Swarm and IPFS. Swarm in particular as IPFS support has been there for a long time.
      1. Swarm has unique support for DApps and we are building some examples that use state channels and other interesting scaling solutions being developed.
      2. These sort of example projects (well beyond SimpleStorage) allow us to put ourselves in our users’ shoes and understand what can really be done and where the pain points most often are.
   1. Embark is planning to integrate the Remix debugger as well.
      1. Tracking how the value associated with variable changes in the course of running specific transactions etc. is a very important feature for us.
   1. Embark also has Whisper support, which can still be improved a lot.        
      1. Right now, we try to simplify the experience of using Whisper, but it therefore lacks some flexibility.
      2. I am not able to specify a private key that links to a public symmetric key. E.g. when working on the gas relay node (a node-js service that subscribes to a whisper symmetric key) and we have to do it manually using the web3js library because the whisper functionality provided by Embark specifies the keys automatically and it is not currently possible to change them.
   1. What is the gas relay node you mentioned?
      1. It lets you perform transactions without actually holding Ether. It works by sending a signed message (through Whisper, or p2p, whatever). The signed msg is parsed by nodejs service and it will use the ETH that service has to create that transaction for you and will deduct the amount of required tokens from the account that sent the signed messaged.
      2. It is ready to be demoed internally, but we need some additional input.
         1. This solution needs to be included in the app, the desktop app, and perhaps even in the mailserver nodes, so requires a lot of feedback from our different teams.
1. What tools don’t exist at the moment?
   1. If I want to build things that are secure AND cheap to use, this is really difficult because we don’t have an existing scaling solution.
1. What are the best educational resources?
   1. Subreddit for ethdev and stack overflow, as always.
   2. Cryptozombies is cool.
   3. I learnt SO MUCh about smart contracts from ethernauts.
   4. I like reading HackerNoon on Medium - there’s some interesting stuff there.
1. Was anything easier than expected?
   1. Learning solidity and writing your fist smart contract is actually very easy.
      1. It’s the edge cases  and optimisations that are hard ;)
   1. There are some good best practices that you can follow pretty easily and all the big hacks have been well documented, so researching why they happened is easy and will teach you a lot about writing better and more secure code.
1. What are you most excited about in the short term?
   1. Status!!! 
   2. Plasma cash is really interesting and I follow it closely. Omise Go is an impressive team.