Truffle Team
4/2/2018 - Andy, Sina, Robbie 


1. What are the tools/libraries/frameworks you use?
   1. Chris:
      1. The closer you are the foundation of the stack, the less pain you feel.
      2. We probably cause the pain.
      3. There’s a disparity between demand for infrastructure, and supply of engineers working on it.
      4. I love web3 & Solidity – good open-source projects, fantastic engineers.
      5. What I do day-to-day: development of Truffle.
   1. Nick:
      1. Disparity between engineers using the tools & engineers using them.
      2. The demand for mature projects has stepped up
      3. These tools, Truffle included, are struggling to handle mature projects, mature teams, mature practices. It’s great when people are building proofs of concept though.
      4. The requirements are coming in pretty fast
      5. What I do day-to-day: Truffle debugger; development of Truffle
1. What are your biggest frustrations?
   1. It’s downstream on Etheruem and Web 3js; upstream from developers
      1. Needs to act reactively with what comes down the pipe from web3
      2. Needs to act proactively to help developers
   1. Solidity develops faster than we can go through their process & do their QA.
      1. Need to bump the version –– but solidity sometimes introduces breaking changes –– 4.11, 4.12 – e.g. visibility modifiers; but hasn’t happened in a while.
      2. A range of projects: sophisticated projects (Aragon) but also people who don’t know how to use npm.
      3. We’ve been conservative about how we upgrade
      4. We’re making solidity stricter and stricter; but we don’t know what kind of crazy stuff people have written.
      5. Solution: try to make the tool configurable; based on plugins; users can make it into their own thing.
         1. Making the compiler configurable.
1. What are the best educational resources?
      1. Currently we use Gitter. Every Truffle member spends time in there.
      2. But we don’t think Gitter is the right tool for Truffle’s entire community support
         1. Need to see what messages were missed.
         2. People find bugs or issues that just don’t get serviced, we fall through the cracks
      1. Need a better way to announce to our community
         1. We have a mailing list
         2. We can message on Gitter – but people miss the messages
      1. There’s some first-class moderators on there.
         1. Detailed answers are so helpful and seem to come through often in places other than our docs, which is hard to manage.
      1. Stackoverflow is a great resource – look at questions on stackexchange to find what things are creating the most problems for users – where the anger is.
1. Other domain specific questions?
   1. Integration between truffle & ganache?
      1. We’d like their tools to provide a cohesive set of tools.
      2. Takes time to build and just figure out what the requirements are.
1. Other bounties?
   1. Set of tools: linters & coverage tools
      1. Critical, have mostly been worked on volunteer basis.
      2. Needs ongoing support; needs to adapt to changes in the stack (Solidity, Web3, …)
      3. Should be platform agnostic, should not assume that people are using Truffle, should work with dapphub.
      4. Leonid Logvinov wrote a 0x code coverage tool.
         1. bounty: making a next-gen coverage tool, that can be consumed by any platform or into your tooling.
      1. Code coverage is absolutely critical from a security point of view.
         1. The existing system is fragile, and only has two devs working on it part-time (?)
            1. People to talk to: Christopher Gewecke, Alex Rea (works on Solidity coverage), Leonid Logvinov (0x coverage tool)
            2. Chris wrote the code coverage tool before joining Consensys, it’s a volunteer project.
      1. There are also more sophisticated audit tools: Mythril by Consensys (Bernard Mueler), Oyente maintained by MelonPort is another one.
   1. Tracing / gas-profiling?
      1. We would like to add this kind of stuff to ganache.
      2. Remco Bloemen working on gas-profiling.
   1. Bounty: support for hardware wallets in Metamask
      1. Web3 has their provider engine.
      2. Better key management support on the web3 level.
      3. Metamask also wants to have Ledger support.